Allrecipes member chef daddy says this
recipe for genuinely mouth-watering
General Tso's chicken will knock your
chopsticks off
chef daddy adds that this recipe makes
simply the best Chinese chicken you will
ever have
first heat four cups of vegetable oil in
a deep fryer or large saucepan to 375
degrees Fahrenheit while the oil is
heating beat one egg in a large bowl add
one and a half pounds of boneless
skinless chicken thighs that you've cut
into half inch cubes sprinkle on one
teaspoon of salt one teaspoon of sugar
and a pinch of white pepper mix
everything together then a little bit at
a time add one cup of cornstarch and
stir until all of the chicken is well
coated working in batches carefully add
the chicken cubes to the hot oil
one by one cook them until they turn
golden brown and begin to float this
will take about three minutes you don't
need to cook the chicken all the way
through at this point it will continue
to cook later on remove the brown
chicken and allow it to cool while you
add another batch of chicken to the hot
oil once all of the chicken has been
browned return the first cooled batch to
the hot oil refri all of the chicken
until it turns of deep golden brown and
the chicken is cooked through this will
take about two minutes per batch
drain the chicken on a paper towel-lined
plate now that the chicken is ready it's
time to make the sauce heat 2
tablespoons of vegetable oil in a wok or
a large skillet over high heat add 3
tablespoons of chopped green onion 1
minced clove of garlic 6 dried whole red
chillies and 1 strip of orange zest cook
and stir until the garlic turns golden
and the chilies brighten and 1/2 a cup
of sugar and a quarter teaspoon of
ground ginger a tablespoon of rice
vinegar 1/4 cup of soy sauce 2 teaspoons
of sesame oil 2 tablespoons of peanut
oil and 3 tablespoons of chicken broth
stir the sauce and bring it to a boil
cook the sauce for about 3 minutes while
the sauce is cooking add 2 teaspoons of
cornstarch to a quarter cup of water
stir it well to dissolve the cornstarch
then add it to the boiling sauce return
the sauce to a boil and cook until the
sauce thickens and is no longer cloudy
about one minute add the cooked chicken
and reduce the heat to low continue
cooking for a few minutes until the
chicken has absorbed some of the sauce
and is warmed through and it's ready to
serve
Allrecipes member chef daddy suggests
serving General Tso's chicken with
cooked broccoli and steamed rice for a
colorful finish sprinkle the chicken
with sliced green onion just before
serving